Software Project Problem Statement – 10 points

Submission
----------
Due Friday, September 20, by 11:59pm
You must use Microsoft Word document.
Submit (a) the problem statement, 
   and (b) the group report, to the repository. 

Requirement 
-----------
You must include a sentence 
describes the chosen topic of the software project. 

The software project must be big enough 
to keep your team busy for the semester. 

The problem statement must include the following information.   

Background of the software project. 
For example, 
a brief description of the application domain (problem domain.) 
[5 points]

The reasons why the software project 
is chosen as your semester project.
For example, why it is significant, 
what you expect to learn from this project, 
what problems it will solve, 
or what your contributions are 
after you finished the project. 
[2 points]

The scope and constraints of the project. 
For example, what features will be included, 
and what will not be included. 
[3 points]

Keep the document to one full page, 
single line spacing. 
-1 points if you use double line spacing 
or exceeds one page.

The document must read as proper English, 
and you must use the spelling 
and grammar checkers to minimize errors.

If a team member’s contribution to this deliverable 
is significantly less than other team members, 
he/she will only receive a partial credit 
of the total points earned by the team.

Download the team report template from Canvas. 
The team lead is responsible to fill out the form, 
however, all the team members must agree 
with the contents of the form before 
it is submitted to the repository. 
-2 points if the form is not submitted.

/* ------------------------------------------------------------------------- */

1.
Our software project will involve the user engaging in an activity of their choice, 
and the program will track their adherence to their chosen task 
(practicing an instrument for x minutes, 
 for y days, or writing n words every day for N days, etc.)

2.
Problem statement:
	a)
	This application will help track the progress and adherence to the user’s chosen task.	

	b)
	We have selected our software project with the hope that the end user
	will gain insight into their chosen activity — the program will be able to collect
	audio from the sound card (for example, if the user is learning how to play a musical
	instrument and wants to practice for a fixed interval of time every day), or keystrokes
	from stdin (if the user wants to write for a fixed internal of time every day, and keep track
	of their word count). 
	
	We hope that the end user will develop a sense of accomplishment
	and gain self-confidence while in the pursuit of their chosen task, as we assist them
	in developing the discipline to engage in their chosen activity on a regular basis.

	c)
	We hope that we can get the sound, keyboard, and mouse input captured,
	so that the program can use the data to assess the user’s activity, and adherence
	to their pre-defined time interval.

3.

